README.md, before:

# Projects

_Those are the projects I have worked on, mainly durimg my degree on Multimedia Engeneering_

## CentralizedRestaurant
_In the Object Oriented Design Programming subject in 2nd grade, a group project of five people was carried out in which it was required to implement a system to facilitate both restaurant reservations and requests. This practice required a client and server implementation (in Java)._

## Commander-72
_In the subject of Video Game Production, the creation of a video game in Unity was required. The project was carried out by a group of four people with different roles, and resulted in a video game for the PC platform with a spatial setting and a 2.5D style._

* https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LNolq9pJHHr9sxT0DsNLCRU6LX_13Rry - The following link is the executable of the final game.

## NES
_The project No Estás Solo is a webpage I made for a short film that talks about the story of Alex, an 11-year-old boy who faces himself, to accept his sexuality and that was made by a grup of students of CIFOG Audiovisual School._

## PwBox
_In the subject of Web Projects completed in 3rd year, a project based on a file management system such as Dropbox was required. In this practice, both FrontEnd com BackEnd has been carried out and areas such as file management, databases and connections with emails have been addressed. It uses the PHP framework Slim and its built on laravel._

## PwDungeon
_This project consists of a video game made entirely with HTML5, CSS (and Bootstrap) and Javascript based on the typical dungeon games._

## WebGL-GravityMazeBall
_This project is an arcade game with infinite semi-random autogenerated levels of a maze that implements gravity physics. It a WebGL game made with the 3D library Three.js._

You can play the online game at https://oriolpando.github.io/grafics2/

Commit message:

Update ReadMe.md with ApiProxy

README.md, after:

# Projects

_Those are the projects I have worked on, mainly durimg my degree on Multimedia Engeneering_

## API Proxy
_This is the project I presented as my end-of-degree project and it consists on a Moodle plugin module that enables a teacher to create a Moodle connector which allows to create remote services hosted by Moodle itself and to calculate and display usage statistics for these services - whether they are hosted by Moodle itself or on other remote servers.

It has been developed mainly with PHP, but it also includes MYSQL, CSS and JavaScript._

## CentralizedRestaurant
_In the Object Oriented Design Programming subject in 2nd grade, a group project of five people was carried out in which it was required to implement a system to facilitate both restaurant reservations and requests. This practice required a client and server implementation (in Java)._

## Commander-72
_In the subject of Video Game Production, the creation of a video game in Unity was required. The project was carried out by a group of four people with different roles, and resulted in a video game for the PC platform with a spatial setting and a 2.5D style._

* https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LNolq9pJHHr9sxT0DsNLCRU6LX_13Rry - The following link is the executable of the final game.

## NES
_The project No Estás Solo is a webpage I made for a short film that talks about the story of Alex, an 11-year-old boy who faces himself, to accept his sexuality and that was made by a grup of students of CIFOG Audiovisual School._

## PwBox
_In the subject of Web Projects completed in 3rd year, a project based on a file management system such as Dropbox was required. In this practice, both FrontEnd com BackEnd has been carried out and areas such as file management, databases and connections with emails have been addressed. It uses the PHP framework Slim and its built on laravel._

## PwDungeon
_This project consists of a video game made entirely with HTML5, CSS (and Bootstrap) and Javascript based on the typical dungeon games._

## WebGL-GravityMazeBall
_This project is an arcade game with infinite semi-random autogenerated levels of a maze that implements gravity physics. It a WebGL game made with the 3D library Three.js._

You can play the online game at https://oriolpando.github.io/grafics2/
